---
title: "My first post"
description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.
date: "2022-09-28"
modified_date: "2022-09-28"
image: /assets/images/posts/random-img.jpg
---

Book I'm reading: [The Art of Learning by Josh Waitzkin](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/5015755977).

Topics:
- Covid
- The generator
- Meet with amy / jasper
- Clearing my mental inbox
- NLs electric vehicle adoption
- housing crisis
- The rest of Amsterdam
- Seeing friends 



I know of some people that in order to "clear their mental inbox", they'll sit still and do nothing for an hour every day for 2 months, like a meditation. Everything goes a lot slower while backpacking - getting around, doing laundry, getting food, and it gives you a lot of time to think. It's a good opportunity to reflect on one's life.

I ended up catching covid and isolating for most of the week, so my life has been rather uneventful. Before that, I was staying at a place called the generator, a high-throughput hostel chain. Really cool facility, but definitely had a very commercial feel to it. While people weren't as fast to reach out, if you did they were more than happy for a chat.

Holland has a lot of "crises" right now. I say "crises" because everything is a crisis, but there are some undeniable real problems. There is a limited amount of housing resulting in 100's of applicants for a single property, and energy / gas prices have gone up ten times in some cases. One of the things that surprised me was the amount of people staying at the hostel for medium-term accommodation, such as university students or full-time employees that moved to the city for work. They were unable to find suitable accommodation for the length of their stay.

I have to say that I'm really impressed by the overall adoption of EVs in the Netherlands. Some busses and trucks are now fully electric, You see EV charging points everywhere, and they are often being used. I would estimate about 5% of all cars on the road are EVs, and unlike in Perth (where it's only Tesla), there are a variety of brands. While 5% isn't much, these things take time, and I see them moving in the right direction.

I met up with an old childhood friend, Jesper, and a fellow backpacker I met in Japan called Amy. I think meeting up with old friends is a valuable experience that makes you think about change. How much I've changed, how much they've changed, neither of which are bad things. It was really good to see both of them again and to hear about what they're up to, and will hopefully see them both again in the near future.

I'm in Rotterdam / Den Haag right now where I'm seeing out the rest of my iso, and then spending around 5 days before shooting off. To be honest, the time alone has been nice in a way, although I am looking forward to getting amongst it again. I'm not too sure where I'll head next, but my gut feeling says Germany. I got an itch for some techno music.

A photo dump from my last few nights in Amsterdam until now. Until next time (which will about a week, give or take a week). 

